add-registry-docs (#1426)
labring/sealos: docs/4.0/docs/examples/use-private-registry.md

> # how to use sealos private registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to use sealos private registry
```

Please use upper case letters properly (e.g. First letter of sentences, topics, etc.)

## where it is

the sealos private registry running in the first nodes of the cluster,where you create your cluster, you can use the follow comand check it:

> ```

Reviewer: Please specify a language for each code blocks. For example:

<pre>
```shell
$ nerdctl ps
```
</pre>

But there's no need to do this when it's not related to a language, like:

<pre>
```
/var/lib/sealos/data/default/rootfs/registry/
```
</pre>

root@node01:~# nerdctl ps
CONTAINER ID    IMAGE                               COMMAND                   CREATED         STATUS    PORTS    NAMES
eb772a8cc788    docker.io/library/registry:2.7.1    "/entrypoint.sh /etc…"    22 hours ago    Up                 sealos-registry 
```

the registry images data store in  follow directory:

```
/var/lib/sealos/data/default/rootfs/registry/
```

## login to registry

> sealos private registry run with http and `--net host ` option，you should config insecure-registry at local and connect with first node ipaddress，example of docker client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sealos private registry runs with HTTP and `--net host` option. You should configure `insecure-registries` at local and connect with the first node's IP address. Example of docker client:
```

Please make sure all the punctuations are English punctuations, not the Chinese ones.
